hey guys today I'm going to show you how
to make a grilled chicken Caesar salad
from scratch so some of my favorite
recipes or suggestions that come from
all of you so this recipe is going out
to bubble puff 109 you wanted to know
how to make a classic caesar and I'm
going to show you how to do it so the
first thing we're gonna do is create the
marinade for our chicken in a dish
you're gonna combine some olive oil some
garlic lemon zest Italian seasoning and
salt and pepper whisk that all up just
until combined and then you're gonna add
your boneless skinless chicken breasts
make sure it's marinated on all sides so
that the chicken is well coated you're
then gonna cover and pop in the fridge
and in meanwhile we're gonna create our
croutons now if you ask me the croutons
are the mark of any great Caesar salad
so it definitely pays to make them from
scratch don't go out and buy the
croutons thinking you're gonna save a
step because it will not be as good and
when I show you how easy it is to make
homemade croutons you'll never go back
to the stuff in a box now when it comes
to homemade croutons I really like to
use ciabatta bread that's because if you
slice into it you'll see it has all of
those nooks and crannies and that's
where all of your delicious homemade
Caesar salad dressing is going to end up
so it's a really great bread to use for
something like this but if you can't
find it you could also use a baguette or
a French loaf that would work as well
you're gonna slice the bread into about
1-inch cubes pop it in a bowl and to
that you're gonna add some olive oil
minced garlic and salt and pepper mix it
all together and then turn it out on a
cookie sheet you then are gonna bake at
375 for about 15 minutes
you're looking for the croutons to crisp
up and turn golden brown now for the
dressing now a classic Caesar salad
typically does have raw egg in it and I
know that that can make some people
uneasy so instead we're going to use
some mayonnaise which is pasteurized so
there's no reason to worry
then we're gonna add the zest of one
lemon and some lemon juice go ahead and
give that a good whisk and then it's
time for the anchovies now I know
anchovies is another controversial
subject when it comes to Caesar salad
because a real traditionalist will say
it is not a Caesar without the anchovies
but I know that anchovies can also make
people uneasy so what I like to do is
instead of taking real anchovies and
smashing them up I go right to the paste
because then you tend to not even think
about it when you measure out the
anchovy paste just think of it as a nice
flavorful paste then you're gonna add
some Worcestershire sauce add some olive
oil whisk it all together until combined
and then the final step is to add about
1/2 a cup of grated Parmesan cheese and
that's it your dressing is done at this
point your chicken is probably done
marinating and it's time to grill it so
go ahead and grill the chicken on all
sides once it's done remove it and let
it rest for about five minutes
that will help retain all the juices
into the chicken and make sure that your
chicken doesn't dry out so a classic
Caesar salad is made with romaine
lettuce
I love romaine lettuce because it has a
wonderful crunch to it and the leaves
are so big and beautiful so much so that
I don't even like to cut it I like to
serve the leaves whole on the plate and
let each person cut the lettuce
themselves that way you'll have a really
beautiful presentation to our lettuce
leaves we're gonna add our croutons and
our dressing give that all a good toss
making sure that all the leaves and
croutons are covered and then what I
like to do is portion that out onto
plates and then add our chicken and one
other little thing that I like to add
which is not traditional at all but it's
something that my mother loves in the
Caesar salad she had it at a restaurant
once and ever since then I've been
throwing them into Caesar salads and
that's some roasted pine nuts it's
really delicious and adds one more
texture to your salad then you're gonna
finish the whole thing off with some
more grated Parmesan cheese and some
freshly cracked pepper
and there you have it a homemade grilled
chicken Caesar salad that will rival any
you'll be able to order in a restaurant
I promise
give this one a try and let me know what
you think and keep those requests coming
I love hearing from you guys and if I
know how to make it I'll definitely
share the recipe I'll see you next time
[Music]
you